hey guys Frankie Jax here and I'm gonna
try a little experiment with my deep
fryer and waffle I'm gonna say what
what's it deep fried waffle you fire
waffle I love things deep fried I love
waffles here we go
I've been deep-frying things all night
so hopefully the oil still hotter look
here we go
not sinking I made some waffles one time
and I thought you know what if I
deep-fry them too but I didn't have a
deep fryer well I got a deep fryer if I
don't want a waffle maker so all I got
so far is our deep frying potatoes and
this bad boy I guess I'll have to flip
it or something I don't know get the
other side
yep it's pretty good somebody was
telling me probably gonna taste like
funnel cake
what do you guys think ball cake funnel
cake love funnel cake I got to hold it
down not catch myself on fire follow the
key but freeze them on the other
question how long do you deep-fry a
locker for there's no instructions for
that
right and pull her out of the fire and
they cool off and I'll give it a taste
okay here it is nice toasted
golden-brown cooled off enough to eat
I'm good shot
it's pretty tasteless I bleed I bled all
the taste out of it ridiculous needs
syrup but hate crunchy and on the floor
so should no leggo my eggo huh thanks
for watching